horse
What about Su Mingzhe?
Ming Zhe is too bloodthirsty
Still saving
Your second brother performed the surgery himself
Your third brother is guarding outside the surgery
Then I'm going to find him.
The name is still making a reservoir.
There will be no interest for a long time if you go there.
Listen to mom
Can you take care of your body first?
Ah, that's because of me.
How long will it take him to avoid hurting me?
Mom knows mom knows
Ming Zhe has always liked you
But he just wouldn't say it.
Okay, okay.
That kid will be fine today
How did it go?
It's okay, I've been asking too much recently.
He's so bloodthirsty that he's thirsty
Like I delivered it in time
He has passed my mood, that's good
Damn this Gu Ruichen
I hurt my sister several times
Almost killed big brother
I won't forgive him easily
As long as he actively cooperates with the treatment
A few more months to live
Since he is courting death
Then send him